feature: add new documentation for UI components and update existing one (#261)
ueberdosis/tiptap-docs: .changeset/kind-pets-flash.md

---
'tiptap-docs': patch
---

> Add new documentation for several UI components and update existing UI components

Reviewer: Be more specific in changeset. What UI components were added and what were modified?

For example:

```suggestion
Add new documentation for the UI components of the Notion-like template and update the existing components of the Simple Editor Template
```
